Hello everyone today, I want you
tell about very interesting
nuts before I made a video
which we have been here such here the fruit they
were all green and when my husband
said that this pistachio I like so honestly
saying I believed it well, something like this
doubts pursued here they were all
green color
Now it's time to collect
these nuts here they are such
yellowed already ripe nuts
here they are bed here they are now
they are of such a beautiful color
pink pink eat yellow pink
the color is even a little bit like
lemon a little bit so moving
You can see it when I saw
supermarket read pistachios and
remembered this this this this photos
when we took pictures with my husband and I
I saw pistachios for the first time
here's the pistachio's that color, they do not
really like this color unusual here
I open and there our nut here such
here and here is such a nut now I tell you
open it and catch for what he
beautiful he's inside that's so beautiful
Pink colour
such a beautiful pink color like this
that's pretty pink
if you uncover it
green so delicious taste
a little bit not like the taste of dry on
dry pistachios
but just as tasty walnut
milky wax ripening is different from
walnut dry dried
Here are the pistachios for the first time in my life and I
I see pistachios here are not dry and such
here are fresh and so a report from the place
events and here it is the pistachio tree
wild pistachio tree can it
once many years ago there was no
wild growing maybe here were home but
now it grows like this
At the top there are such beautiful reds
the fruits are already tasty they are already
ripened here are such beautiful fruits
down here here down below there are others
the fruits are like this but they are dry
you can see this thread tore this here
such pistachios
These are the pistachios
tassels
here they are in nature are finally I them
saw on the tree is no longer green but
ripe and so I want to say that the most
big
the world's largest suppliers
pistachios are iran america and turkey though
strange
Mediterranean pistachios are also grown
and also sell them on the world market
I want to say who can not sleep again
google he collects the mouth of christ zhki
although it is a joke on every joke there is
share jokes the rest is true the fact is that
under the influence of sunlight during the day
pistachio leaves emits a lot
essential oils and when a person inhales
such essential oils are spinning around him
head
they are very strong therefore pistachios
collected at night than pistachio so useful
that they contain vitamin e
and we all know that vitamin where
natural act
antioxidant
they contain pistachios contain lutein
which has a beneficial effect on vision
contains magnesium zinc palia contains
vitamins of group b; particular vitamin
b6 don't follow
daily rate of pistachios 10 pieces then 25
percent of vitamin b6 you provided on
all day
if you like this video put
likes subscribe to my channel further
it will be interesting to everyone bye